Add more backend settings (#108)
avenga/couper: docs/README.md

| `basic_auth`                                      | basic_auth for the upstream request in format `username:password` ||
| `disable_certificate_validation`                  | Disables the peer certificate validation. | `false` |
| `disable_connection_reuse`                        | Disables reusage of connections | `false` |
| `hostname`                                        | value of the HTTP host header field for the `origin` request. Since `hostname` replaces the request host the value will also be used for a server identity check during a TLS handshake with the origin. ||
| `http2`                                           | `boolean`, enables the HTTP2 support | `false` |
| `max_connections`                                 | Describes the maximum number of concurrent connections in any state (*active* or *idle*) to the `origin`. | `0` (no limit) |
| `origin`                                          | URL to connect to for backend requests </br> &#9888; must start with the scheme `http://...` ||
| `path`                                            | changeable part of upstream URL ||

> | `proxy`                                           | Configured proxy for current backend ||

Reviewer: Specify format of this config option?

| `max_connections`                                 | Describes the maximum number of concurrent connections in any state (*active* or *idle*) to the `origin`. | `0` (no limit) |
| `origin`                                          | URL to connect to for backend requests </br> &#9888; must start with the scheme `http://...` ||
| `path`                                            | changeable part of upstream URL ||

> | `proxy`                                           | Configured proxy for current backend. Examples: `http://SERVER-IP_OR_NAME:PORT`, `http://USERNAME:PASSWORD@SERVER-IP_OR_NAME:PORT` ||

Reviewer 2: User pass url example can be dropped. We expect an `URL` here.

```suggestion
| `proxy`                                           | A Proxy URL for the related origin request. Example: `http://SERVER-IP_OR_NAME:PORT` | `none` |
```
